clarify which draft changed exclusiveMin/Max (#94)
json-schema-org/understanding-json-schema: source/reference/numeric.rst

> .. language_specific::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. draft_specific::
```

    --Draft 5

>     In JSON Schema Draft 5 (and earlier), ``exclusiveMinimum`` and ``exclusiveMaximum`` work

Author: ```suggestion
    The behavior of ``exclusiveMinimum`` and ``exclusiveMaximum`` changed in Draft 6. Before Draft 6 they work
```
